Sign In With Apple Setup and Configuration (#8191)
auth0/docs: articles/connections/apple-siwa/configure-email-relay-service.md

---
title: Configure email relay service for Sign In with Apple
description: Learn how to configure Apple's email relay service functionality for your app. 
toc: true
topics:
  - authentication
  - connections
  - social
  - apple
  - email
contentType: how-to
useCase:
  - add-login
  - customize-connections
  - configure-email-relay-service
---

> ## Configure Email Relay Service for Sign In with Apple

Reviewer: This page is simply hosting instructions for Apple.  Are we in the business of doing that?  If so, some pictures might help.  LMK if you want me to snag some.

Author: I think we should delete this doc and just note that it needs to be done.

1. To use the email relay service that Apple provides, click **More** under the **Certificates, Identifiers, & Profiles** section and click **Configure**.

> 2. Add your domain (`<YOUR CUSTOM DOMAIN>.com`) in the field available on **Domains and Associated Email Addresses**.

Reviewer 2: Mentioning Custom Domain here can be confusing because they might assume if the auth0 custom domain. I would rather be explicit saying:
```suggestion
2. Add the domain of the email addresses you will use to contact users (`<YOUR EMAIL DOMAIN>.com`) in the field available on **Domains and Associated Email Addresses**.
```

Author: I've removed this docs completely.

3. Click **Register**.

> 4. Add an email address (for example, `me@<YOUR CUSTOM DOMAIN>.com`) in **Individual Email Addresses**.

Reviewer 2: Same comment 
```suggestion
4. Add an email address (for example, `me@<YOUR EMAIL DOMAIN>.com`) in **Individual Email Addresses**.
```

Author: I've removed this doc.

5. Click **Register**.

> 

Reviewer 2: I would add a note with the following

If you are using Auth0 email templates ( ie. Welcome email) make sure that the `from` email address domain is registered...

Author: I've deleted this doc.
